docs(performance): Caution users that automatic screen rendering traces are not possible at the moment. (#7779)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: docs/performance/usage.mdx

By default, this allows you to interact with Performance Monitoring using the default Firebase App.

:::caution Automatic Tracing
Automatic screen rendering performance monitoring is not possible. A single view controller encapsulates your

> entire Flutter application so the underlying native Firebase SDK is not aware of screen transistions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entire Flutter application natively so the underlying native Firebase SDK is not aware of screen transitions.
```
